---
layout: single
title: '100 Days challenge'
date: 2019-04-03 18:00:00 -0400
categories: prep interview algorithms firecode
---

# 100 days challenge

I try and be mindful and real with myself as much as possible. That being said, I've recently realized that I am not as good at the things I would like to be great at. Specifically, programming. It was my dream to be a software engineer for several years before I actually became one. And, to be honest, up until the past year I used to think I was an excellent engineer. I was always able to complete every task set in front of me.

Having the ability to work with someone who is worlds better than me really opened up my eyes as to my actual skills. There were definitely days where I thought I had made a huge mistake because I would often overlook elements of the design or build process that the senior engineer felt were trivial. I am very competitive, and as I said, I had always performed at the top with the peers I was surrounded with.

I was not only blessed to be working with someone who would tell me like it was but would also help guide me to the correct results. I find this very refreshing. He would say to me when things I would write were garbage, and he would also tell me when things were good; albeit, very infrequent, it still happened on occasion.

### Anyway

I'm going to challenge myself to practice interview prep for 100 days straight. I've used [leetcode](www.leetcode.com) in the past, but for now, I'm using [firecode.io](www.firecode.io).
